Add "send failed retry" prompt to live region (#4362)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: CHANGELOG.md

   -  Suggested actions container is not longer a live region. The suggested action buttons will now be narrated by the chat history live region
-  Published NPM packages will now include `/dist`, `/lib`, and `/src` folders
   -  The `/dist` folder was previously missing from our NPM packages

> -  The `activity.channelData.state` property is being deprecated in favor of the updated [`activity.channelData['webchat:send-status']`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/packages/core/src/types/WebChatActivity.ts) property, main differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The `activity.channelData.state` property is being deprecated in favor of the updated [`activity.channelData['webchat:send-status']`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/main/packages/core/src/types/WebChatActivity.ts) property. Main differences include:
```

>    -  Previously, the `state` property would become `"send failed"` when the chat adapter failed to send the activity, or after passing a timeout as defined in `styleOptions.sendTimeout`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  Previously, we would set the `state` property to `"send failed"` when the chat adapter failed to send the activity, or after passing a timeout as defined in `styleOptions.sendTimeout`
```

>    -  The new `'webchat:send-status'` property will become `"send failed"` when the chat adapter failed to send the activity, or after passing a hardcoded timeout of 5 minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   -  The new `'webchat:send-status'` property will be set to `"send failed"` when the chat adapter fails to send the activity or after passing a hardcoded timeout of 5 minutes
```
